DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"I Am Marucho, Hear Me Roar!\"
MARUCHO: The Brawlers were all sent
to the \"World of Trials\"
by the Six Legendary Soldiers of Vestroia that we met
in the Doom Dimension in order to be tested.
I wonder what my test will be...
[screaming]
I think I'm gonna be siiiiiiiccckkkkk !
Dan! Shun! Runo! Julie! Where are you?
I'm beginning to think those guys were sent somewhere else...
I bet we're the only ones in this wretched place -
doomed to spend our remaining days wandering aimlessly...
Wait a sec...
is it just me or do you hear something strange?
[groan]
Probably just my stomach...
I haven't eaten in ages...
Could you move two feet to your left?
I am so sorry...
Are you okay, whoever you are?
Yes...
I mean no!
I need water... water!
Sure...
but where do I find it?
Beyond that mountain...
is another mountain, beyond which there lies a spring
deep in the woods.
There you'll find water...
Hang in there!
I dunno...
it kinda sounds like it's a long way away...
Just ignore him...
we'll go to the spring for you!
Take this...
you can bring water back in it.
Great!
We'll be back in a jif...
PREYAS: Wait...
you're not serious are you?
[coughing]
[laughing]
Whew. I'm beat...
Well, we finally made it up the second mountain pass...
Oops... that was the third one...
guess we went too far...
Oh-oh...
[screaming]
Cooooollld!
Coldcoldcoldcoldcold...
If this outfit shrinks I am gonna be some ticked off !
I'm all wet too...
Huh?
Preyus... Look! It's the spring!
No kidding...
Here you go. Drink up!
Oh!
Still cold!
Ha!
That's better!
Hey! I know you...
...You're the ancient Aquos Soldier...Frosch!
You have a pure heart that is willing to help others
in need.
I daresay you just may have what it takes
to become one of the new soldiers.
Huh?
Ohhhhh... you sly old devil, you...
I think I get it now.
This was my test, wasn't it?
No. Sorry.
Your real test begins riiiiightttt...
...Now!
Water?
I think I got splashed a little...
Oh nooooooooooooooooo!
I am SO sending him my dry cleaning bill...
Hup!
Well my little castaways, if you entertain the slightest
hope of ever seeing your friends again,
you must defeat my warrior!
Hey hang on...
if you're here, then how come you're over there too?
Ahhh!
There's two of you!
No, don't be ridiculous Preyus.
There can't be two of me...
That one's got to be an imitation of me.
The hair looks good...
Thanks - I thought so too...
Now! Let's begin!
Good... This'll be fun!
Gate Card... Set!
Oh well, I guess I don't have a choice...
Why not start with Aquos Warius.
'Kay...
Bakugan Brawl!
Aquos Warius Stand!
As an Aquos soldier it's only natural that you'd
choose to brawl with a Water attributed Bakugan.
I'm gonna do the same.
Bakugan Brawl!
Aquos Limulus Stand!
BAKUPOD: Bakugan ready.
Let's see...
use Aquos Siege!
Yes... a wise choice.
Gate Card... Set!
Get ready for this!
You haven't seen anything yet!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Aquos Siege ... Stand!
BAKUPOD: 400 G's versus 350 G's.
I can change that !
Gate Card... Open!
Energy Grab!
BAKUPOD: 100 G's of Aquos Siege's power
transferred to Aquos Limulus.
Aquos Limulus' power level now at 450 G's.
In yer face Aquos Siege!
Didn't your mother teach you that it's not nice to steal?
Ability Card Activate!
Aquos Javelin!
Aquos Siege! Look alive!
BAKUPOD: Gate Cards exchanged.
Aquos Javelin can interchange
adjacent gate cards.
Pretty nice, huh?
But...
but he just stole my \"Energy Grab\" card!
You thief !
BAKUPOD: 100 G's transferred back
from Aquos Limulus to Aquos Siege.
And now...
Gate card open!
Because this is Aquos Siege's character card,
his power level doubles!
Unreal...
I've never seen an ability like that one before...
Good boy .
That's my little Marucho.
You are such an obedient child , aren't you?
I certainly hope so.
What ever !
That little puppet is just doing
what the old guy tells him to!
C'mon Marucho, don't listen to any of this hooey.
You're not like that imposter!
\"Good boy\"?
\"Such an obedient child\"?
I expect you to win the next round too .
Yes...
I promise I will live up to your expectations.
Then... he's...
Spit it out, kid.
You're makin' me nervous...
That Marucho's not an imposter...
That Marucho is every bit as real as I am...
That's just crazy talk.
If he's the real Marucho
and you're the real Marucho, then...
He's a different Marucho...
He existed a long time ago...
And I... I thought he was gone...
Marucho dear...
Your Economics tutor
will be arriving later this afternoon...
Please come straight home
as soon as you're finished school, alright?
Yes mother. Of course.
I know you'd rather play, but you have to apply
yourself to your studies.
[kids laughing and playing]
FATHER: You don't have time to fritter away
like the other children.
I'm sure you understand, don't you Marucho?
-Yes, father.
I understand.
[\u266a]
I know it seems unfair, but it's important.
The future of the Marukura family name
is in your hands, my son.
Yes...
I promise I will live up to your expectations.
Stop it! Just stop it!
Wipe that obedient smile off your face!
Ho ho!
Looks like we touched a nerve, doesn't it?
Tell me: What's wrong with the old \"you\"
that obediently fulfilled all your parents' expectations
and did his very best to please them?
So that's it!
I think I get it now!
My test is to learn to deal with my past, am I right?
Hm? Hm...
In that case, I'll show the two of you just how much
I've changed !
Whoa, dude...
Gate Card... Set!
Hey... hang on a sec... I...
I'll show you that I'm not the same as I was back then!
Bakugan Brawl!
Here comes lunch again!
Don't touch that remote kiddies!
Here we go with more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Preyus! Stand!
Marucho!
Whaddya think you're doing ?
I'm not feeling very good today...
Bleccch!
And for some reason...
I'm craving sour food...
Pay attention Preyus!
I need you to change to your Darkus attribute!
Huh?
What the heck's up with you today, Marucho?
I mean, you're not your usual fun-lovin' self...
I cannot lose this battle, quit messing around, got it ?
Yeah yeah, I got it...
All right, ya big lug...
Attribute Change!
Darkus!
Check it!
Now you think you can win by using an Attribute change,
is that it?
If you keep this up you'll never win against my Marucho!
No matter how his Attribute changes,
Preyus is always Preyus!
He's still my best friend in the whole world!
There's no way that Preyus would lose to the old \"me\".
He's worthless and weak!
Well why don't we just see about that?
Gate Card Open. Switchback!
What the heck's goin' on?
Switchback's not good , right?
Huh?
Oh no...
Switchback has made me turn back to Aquos...
...and that's bad !
I'm talkin' \"bad\" as in really really bad!
Ability Card Activate!
Blue Stealth!
I'm disappearing!
BAKUPOD: 50 G's transferred from Siege to Preyus.
Oh, how the mighty have fallen !
Oh man...
I feel even worse than before...
Sorry, Preyus...
but it's like he sees through all my tactics
and anticipates my every move!
Well of course.
You are battling yourself after all...
Past or present, you are completely the same.
I am not the same!
I am nothing like the boy who mindlessly did
everything his parents told him to!
Do you really hate the old \"you\" that much?
Yes I do!
I despise him!
No matter how hard I worked, it was never enough.
And when I wanted to tell my parents how I felt...
... all I could do was smile that fake,
meaningless smile...
But the moment I came across the Bakugan,
everything changed!
When I met the Brawlers...
...and then Preyus...
I learned to think for myself...
I learned to Brawl...
...and to laugh...
...and to live life to the fullest!
So you understand why there's no way I could lose
to the old \"me\"!
Foolish boy...
is that really all you've learned from your friends?
I would like to go with the Triple Battle.
Hm.
Gate Card... Set!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Aquos Siege Stand!
Let's do everything we can to pass this test, okay?
Yeah okay, but...
Bakugan... Brawl!
Preyus Stand!
Hey, I told you I wasn't feeling good...
So sour, but so good...
I can't fight two Brawls in a row!
Don't you worry...
just leave everything to me!
BAKUPOD: Siege: 400 G's.
Preyus: 340 G's.
Quick! Hit me with an Ability!
Right, I'm on it!
Ability Card Activate...
-Water Refrain. -Huh?
Wait, I wasn't finished...
Marucho's Ability Card was pre-empted by that other
creepy Marucho...
And that means...
...I'm in trouble...
Preyus, no!
Not looking good for you...
Preyus! Oh no!
You can do it!
I'm...
I'm sorry ol' buddy...
I...
guess I couldn't live up to your expectations...
No, it's my fault...
I was so caught up in my own problems I didn't listen
to you tell me yours...
Its okay, Marucho.
You know I'm just happy to have battled alongside you...
\"Preyus is always Preyus\"...
Thanks for saying that...
But...
if that's true then doesn't it mean that Marucho
is always Marucho?
Huh?
You weren't just blindly doing what your parents wanted...
I think that back then you honestly wanted to make
your parents happy and proud of you.
You're a generous person Marucho...
you were then...
and you are now.
I'm sure you made sacrifices.
But if that smile you put on your face
made your parents happy,
then there's no way it could have been
anything but sincere.
You had to make all those sacrifices just so you could
grow and become the plucky little guy you are now.
The guy we all like.
So please remember never to forget your past okay?
Do that for me...
Good, I'm glad...
Just keep being the Marucho that we all...
that we...
...Oh no!
I...
can't hold it!
Whew...
So that's what it was...
I thought it was a bit strange that I wasn't
feeling well but now it all makes sense.
It's no wonder I was craving sour foods like that.
Uh... so then...
are you feeling better now?
Are you kidding?
I feel fantastic !
I'm on top of the world!
One-two, one-two, one-two, one-two...
I am so relieved!
Enough of this!
We have a battle to finish!
Are you ready my brother?
\"Brother\"?
You called, brother dear?
Aquos Preyus...
Angelo ! At your service.
Whaaaaaat?
I don't believe it...
It's true !
Y'see, my evolution involves multiplication!
Evolution?
Wait... are you saying...
No flies on you .
Y'see, your test was to recognize and accept
the old \"you\", Marucho!
When you were finally able to do that,
then I was finally able to evolve and multiply.
Kapisch?
I think I get it.
So I suppose that means you are the Evolved Preyus?
Oh, uh...
goodness - where are my manners .
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I'm Aquos Preyus Angelo.
I look forward to battling with you, young master.
Uh... yes, nice to meet you.
By the way, I am Water attributed but I have
the powers of a Light attributed Bakugan as well...
This is probably as good a time as any to mention
that I get tired easily and require frequent breaks.
I get every second Monday off...
Oh, and I don't do windows...
Uh... right...
Are you sure this is a good idea, Preyus?
Angelo steps up to the plate when it counts!
Show 'em, brother!
Yes sir, Preyus, sir!
Let's show 'em together !
Pfft... big deal...
Oh, by the way...
The Triple Battle Card has been activated.
What? Not good...
BAKUPOD: Preyus' power level increased to 400 G's.
Oh man, I am feeling great!
I mean, just check out these pipes!
I hate to interrupt, brother dear...
but we have work to do!
Oh yeah!
BAKUPOD: Preyus and Angelo total power level: 800 G's.
Humph!
Yeahhh! We did it guys!
Well well...
It looks like you're finally getting serious.
Time to break out the secret weapon!
You know what to do.
Don't let me down.
Don't worry, I won't...
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Frosch Stand!
Rrrribbit...
Aiyiyi!
What the heck is that thing?
Don't worry...
That's just his true form.
I bet you're about to use a Triple Battle Gate Card.
You're so predictable...
You think you're so clever, do you?
Well then I'd hate to disappoint you!
Preyus Stand!
Ooo... eee...
someone's got fly breath...
Gate Card... Open!
Triple Battle!
Get ready, Angelo...
Bakugan Brawl!
Angelo Stand!
I am Aquos Preyus...
...Diablo.
In the flesh!
So...
which one of you jokers woke me up from my nap?
Whoa!
Who's this guy and what happened to Angelo ?
Y'see, Diablo is Angelo's alter ego...
It's sort of like getting two Bakugan
for the price of one.
Of course, how silly of me...
Well...
there's just the one opponent to deal with right now...
so...
Why don't we see what you're made of, Diablo?
You gotta be kiddin' me.
You woke me up to brawl with a frog ?
What a waste of my time.
I'll give him one of these ,
one of these and a whole lotta this !
Hey, if Diablo's power level is also 400 G's...
BAKUPOD: Preyus and Diablo total power level: 800 G's.
Frosch's power level: 500 G's.
All- right !
We can take him down no problem!
Don't count your chickens till they're hatched...
Ability Card Activate!
Aqua Cyclone!
See what I mean?
BAKUPOD: Frosch's power level increased by 200 G's.
Preyus and Diablo decreased by 100 G's.
Sorry to break it to you...
but you're about to be sucked up by my water tornado!
But... this can't be!
Don't just stand there!
Use the Diagonal Relation Ability Card!
\"Diagonal Relation Abili...\" ?
I have Nova attributed powers too!
If my brother changes to a Darkus,
then you can use a Nova and Darkus Diagonal Relation.
If you don't snap to it and do something fast,
I'm going to get real angry!
Right... sorry 'bout that...
Here goes...
Darkus Attribute Change!
Ability Card Activate!
Nova and Darkus Diagonal Relation!
BAKUPOD: Preyus and Diablo total power level
increased to 800 G's.
Oh nuts...
Alright! Do your thing, guys!
Save some for me !
Yikes...
Bye-bye FROGGIE !
Oh Yeaaahhh !
Our work here...
... is done!
So whaddya think Marucho?
He'll be feeling that tomorrow!
Glad I could be of service to you.
Hey, wait!
What.
I'm sorry about how I behaved, old \"me\".
Thanks to Preyus I think I understand things now.
From this moment on I promise I'll be happy
with the person I used to be.
So thank you...
and I hope we can be friends if there are no hard feelings.
Very well done, my boy, very well done.
Huh?
You won the battle and you passed the test!
Thank you Frosch.
I will now send you back to your friends...
my new Aquos Soldier!
Goodbye!
SKYRESS: We are sent to a city where the sun doesn't set.
The laundry's hung out to dry...
the streetcars are running...
And the Hatodome Tower is under construction...
But there are no people living here.
It is an empty, deserted city.
A girl appears and challenges Shun
to a Bakugan Brawl.
The sun that never sets...
Is it merely an illusion?
Or something else...
Coming up on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers:
\" The Sunset is Crying!\"
Wake up, Shun!
You do not belong in this world!